docs(blog): add CMS article (#3562)
refinedev/refine: documentation/blog/2023-02-08-compare-cms.md

On the other hand, unlike traditional CMS, headless content management systems are content repositories without the presentation layer. A headless CMS decouples your content from the presentation. You can build the presentation layer in any way and using any framework of your choice with a Headless CMS. Therefore, making it easy to extend your customers' digital experience from the web to mobile and IoT devices.

You need to pick the appropriate headless CMS for a better developer experience and to provide a satisfactory digital experience to your customers. There are several headless CMS out there. The most popular ones include Strapi, Contentful, Hygraph, Sanity, and Headless WordPress.

Each headless CMS has strengths and weaknesses. Some of them are tailor-made for a specific purpose. And different projects have different requirements. Therefore, it may be difficult to zero down on a headless CMS which meets your project requirements. This article will compare Strapi, Hasura, and Hygraph. We will go above and beyond to highlight their pros and cons.

## The best headless CMS

### Strapi

> [Strapi](https://strapi.io/) is a popular open-source headless CMS built using JavaScript. It has an intuitive, customizable UI for creating content. While writing this article, Strapi's cloud hosting platform is still in beta. Therefore, you need to self-host your Strapi project at the moment. Strapi has several out-of-the-box integrations for some of the most popular tools and frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Strapi](https://strapi.io/) is a popular open-source headless CMS built based on Node.js. It has an intuitive, customizable UI for creating content. While writing this article, Strapi's cloud hosting platform is still in beta. Therefore, you need to self-host your Strapi project at the moment. Strapi has several out-of-the-box integrations for some of the most popular tools and frameworks.
```
